Use renderer more in circuit construction manual (#332)
CQCL/pytket-docs: manual/manual_circuit.rst

Working with individual basic gates is sufficient for implementing arbitrary circuits, but that doesn't mean it is the most convenient option. It is generally far easier to argue the correctness of a circuit's design when it is constructed using higher-level constructions. In ``pytket``, the concept of a "Box" is to abstract away such complex structures as black-boxes within larger circuits.

> Defining higher level subroutines as boxes is also beneficial from a circuit optimisation point of view. If the compiler can identify higher level structure in the circuit, this can be exploited to reduce the number of elementary gates in the compiled circuit. Examples of such optimisations can be seen in :py:class:`~pytket.circuit.ToffoliBox` which permutes the computational basis states and :py:class:`~pytket.circuit.ConjugationBox` which allows for more efficient controlled gates by exploiting circuit symmetry. 

Author: Thought I should add this extra paragraph as boxes in pytket are not just useful from the point of view of arguing circuit correctness. In several cases we have a higher level construct which can be implemented efficently by the compiler.

All Pauli exponentials of the form above can be implemented in terms of a single Rz(:math:`\theta`) rotation and a symmetric chain of CX gates on either side together with some single qubit basis rotations. This class of circuit is called a Pauli gadget. The subset of these circuits corresponding to "Z only" Pauli strings are referred to as phase gadgets.

We see that the Pauli exponential :math:`e^{i\frac{\pi}{2} \theta \text{XYYZ}}` has basis rotations on the first three qubits. The V and Vdg gates rotate from the default Z basis to the Y basis and the Hadamard gate serves to change to the X basis.

These Pauli gadget circuits have interesting algebraic properties which are useful for circuit optimisation. 

A Pauli gadget can be expressed as :math:`V \, A \, V^\dagger` where :math:`V` is the the circuit composed of CX gates and single qubit basis rotations on the right hand side of the Rz gate and :math:`A` is the Rz gate itself. This observation allows one to construct controlled Pauli gadgets much more efficently. See the `blog post <https://tket.quantinuum.com/blog/posts/controlled_gates/>`_ on the :py:class:`~pytket.circuit.ConjugationBox` construct for more details.

> For further discussion see the research publication on phase gadget synthesis [Cowt2020]_. Ideas from this paper are implemented in TKET as the `OptimisePhaseGadgets <https://tket.quantinuum.com/api-docs/passes.html#pytket.passes.OptimisePhaseGadgets>` and `PauliSimp <https://tket.quantinuum.com/api-docs/passes.html#pytket.passes.PauliSimp>`_ optimisation passes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further discussion see the research publication on phase gadget synthesis [Cowt2020]_. Ideas from this paper are implemented in TKET as the `OptimisePhaseGadgets <https://tket.quantinuum.com/api-docs/passes.html#pytket.passes.OptimisePhaseGadgets>`_ and `PauliSimp <https://tket.quantinuum.com/api-docs/passes.html#pytket.passes.PauliSimp>`_ optimisation passes.
```

Importing/Exporting Circuits
----------------------------

.. currentmodule:: pytket.circuit

> A ``pytket`` :py:class:`~pytket.circuit.Circuit` s can be natively serializaed and deserialized from JSON-compatible dictionaries, using the :py:meth:`Circuit.to_dict` and :py:meth:`Circuit.from_dict` methods. This is the method of serialization which supports the largest class of circuits, and provides the highest fidelity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``pytket`` :py:class:`~pytket.circuit.Circuit` s can be natively serialized and deserialized from JSON-compatible dictionaries, using the :py:meth:`Circuit.to_dict` and :py:meth:`Circuit.from_dict` methods. This is the method of serialization which supports the largest class of circuits, and provides the highest fidelity.
```

    # Substitute a new 1-qubit circuit for all ops in the "rotations" group:
    newcirc = Circuit(1).Rx(0.125, 0).Ry(0.875, 0)
    circ.substitute_named(newcirc, "rotations")

    # Replace the "special one" with a different op:
    newop = Op.create(OpType.T)
    circ.substitute_named(newop, "special one")

    # Substitute a box for the "Fred" group:

>     newcbox = CircBox(Circuit(2, name="C'").H(1).CX(1, 0))

Reviewer: C' is probably not as clear to read in this context as a different letter

Author: I've opted for `P` and `Q` instead. Hopefully this is clearer for the reader.
